# interfering

This Readme describes the mapping between structures in the
paper and those in the coq development.

-- 4.1:Values, states and observations and 4.2:Policies correspond to the
   contents of Machine.v. Here policy states are initialized by a partial
   function, initPolicyState, reflecting a model in which the policy can
   statically reject programs that are inconsistent with the given
   program structures (removed for simplicity). 

-- The trace-of operator corresponds to Machine.v:124, RunOf, and the MP
   trace version to Machine.v:129, MPRunOf.

-- pi_o is ObsTrace.v:542, ObsOfM and ObsOfMP.

-- The Coq development sometimes uses MTraceOf and MPTraceOf (Machine.v:111)
   to generate traces of machine states and MP states, respectively, without
   observations. Then observations can be generated by ObsTraceOf and ObsTraceOfM,
   (Machine.v:524) which rely on the determinism of step to reconstruct the
   observations from the trace.

-- Until is RunUpTo, formal.v:174, but some theorems use PrefixUpTo
   instead (Trace.v:72)

-- Observational similarity is ObsTraceEq', ObsTrace.v:382, which has an
   inductive form ObsTraceEq at ObsTrace.v:41. Observational prefix is at
   ObsTrace.v:236

-- The inductive relation FindCallMP finds the n-transitions and splits the
   trace at each one, generating a contour. formal.v:830

-- The unmatched return relation is at formal.v:4098

## Properties

  Properties are all in formal.v. Formalizations of the paper versions are
  at the end, line 4572, with a brief explanation of how they relate to the
  versions we've proven things about. All adjustments are primarily for the
  readability of the paper. Relevant properties are:

  EagerStackIntegrityInd : 26 -- Inductive form of integrity

  EagerStackIntegrityEnd : 77 -- Version of integrity that checks at the end

  EagerStackConfidentialityOld : 102 -- based on MPTraceOf and ObsOfM, and
    contains the variation instead of having the variant trace as argument

  EagerLSE : 854 -- this property essentially combines StackIntegrity and
    StackConfidentiality, along with EagerLSEWrap

  StrongEagerStackConfidentiality : 203 -- the testing property

  ObservableIntegrityOld : 3439 -- once again, based on MPTraceOf, changed to
    MPRunOf for the paper

  ObservableConfidentialityOld : 3467 -- same

  LazyLSE : 3539 : Top level property for Observable LSE

  WellBracketedControlFlow : 4138 -- this corresponds pretty directly to what's
    in the paper
